---
layout: publish
title: OpenSource Summit 2025 한국 11월 4-5일
date: 2025-08-06 09:03:26
tags: OpenSource Summit, OSS, Korea
---


https://register.linuxfoundation.org/nxLL1X?sms=7&cn=zGptZnxRQ4G2H2P_DyZa3A



리눅스 재단에서 주최하는 오픈소스 서밋이 11월 4-5일, 코엑스에서 다음 주제로 개최됩니다.

같은 날에 25달러를 더하면 OpenSearch 행사도 참가 할 수 있습니다.



- Cloud & Containers
- Embedded Linux Conference
- Linux
- Open AI + Data
- Open Source Leadership
- Operations Management
- OSPOCon
- Safety-Critical Software

### Cloud & Containers

Cloud & Containers delivers valuable content across cloud native, cloud infrastructure, and container technologies. It is the go-to destination for developers, engineers, and operations teams to explore new tools, projects, platforms, and best practices. Attendees will gain insights into cloud automation, deployment, and scalability while learning how containerization enhances portability, efficiency, and infrastructure management.

### Embedded Linux Conference

Launched in 2005, Embedded Linux Conference (ELC) is for companies and developers using Linux in embedded products. It gathers the technical experts working on embedded systems and applications for education and collaboration, paving the way for transformation in these important and far-reaching areas.

### Linux
This track is for maintainers, developers and project leads in the Linux community to gather for updates, education, collaboration, and problem-solving to further the Linux ecosystem.

### Open AI + Data
This track explores open models, AI-driven development, and data management. Topics include AI code generation, RAG & LLM frameworks, AI agents, inferencing, GPU acceleration, and edge AI. Sessions also cover scalability, cloud-native AI, and responsible AI practices, offering insights for building and optimizing AI-powered applications.

### Open Source Leadership
Open Source Leadership fosters innovation, growth and partnerships among the leading projects and corporations working in open technology development. It is a must-attend for business and technical leaders looking to advance open source strategy, implementation and investment.

### Operations Management
This track covers strategies for navigating security, legal, and regulatory requirements while optimizing operations. Topics include risk management, procurement, remediation, M&A, sustainability, and supply chain management. Sessions will also explore automation, stakeholder engagement, and best practices for aligning business strategy with compliance and customer expectations.

### OSPOCon

OSPOCon is for those working in open source program offices (OSPOs) in organizations that rely on open source technologies to learn and share best practices, experiences, and tooling to overcome challenges they face.

### Safety-Critical Software
This track explores the intersection of open source and safety standards, covering best practices for regulatory compliance, security updates, and safety engineering. Sessions will delve into requirements traceability, quality assessments, safety analysis methodologies, and technical development for safety-critical systems.


개인자격이라면 events@linuxfoundation.org 에 메일을 보내서 Hobbyist 요율로 참가 할 수 있습니다.

개인이고 오픈소스 활동 참가 증명하라는 답변이 오는데, github 링크 정도만 보내줘도 됩니다.

신청은 했는데 평일이라 과연...